add ui pack 13.3.1 (#440)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/uiChangeLog.rst

Changelog
=========

13.3.1 - 2022-09-xx
===================

* Compatible with Architecture 7.13.0 or higher.
 
Image Generator
""""""""""""""" 

**Added**

* Add an :ref:`Application Option <application_options>` to quickly test an Image Generator Extension project.

**Changed**

* Increase logs when application verbosity is enabled. 
* Check the stride defined by the Image Generator Extension project (throw an error if the value is incompatible with the memory alignment).

**Fixed**

* Fix the external resource generation: they were no longer generated (UI pack 13.3.0 regression). 

> * Fix the twice generation (as internal and external resources) of the custom ``.list`` file images (manage only custom ``.list`` file images as external resources when the prefix of the list file extension starts with ``extern``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the duplicate generation (as internal and external resources) of the custom ``.list`` file images (consider only custom ``.list`` file images as external resources when the prefix of the list file extension starts with ``extern``).
```

> * Fix the internal limit error when converting images with BPP lower than 8 bits (platforms that define a rule for the image stride through an Image Generator Extension project). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the internal limit error when converting images with BPP lower than 8 bits (for platforms that define a rule for the image stride through an Image Generator Extension project). 
```
